Why are you still wearing a military uniform?
Can this skirt be hung casually?
Who says Xiao Zhou's medals are hung casually?
He got it all on his own.
It seems
Some people don't even know that Xiao Zhou used to be
Soldier if not for his leave due to injury
Your husband has seen him and still called him chief
That's not possible.
He's a poor pig butcher
How can there be more medals than my husband's?
I miss you, don't have the same knowledge as your mother.
And you know your mother.
Your mother, he is hard-spoken and soft-hearted.
We are today
It's just for your and Xiao Zhou's wedding
Since you are here for the wedding
Then give it to Xiao Zhou and Niannian
Have you prepared a lot of gifts?
If you want to say that Kun Kun didn't bring anything, right?
This
miss
You see, you've almost bought all the wedding things.
I gave you a red envelope for your mother.
I knew my parents loved me the most
And you didn't have to pack eight thousand.
Just pack whatever you want.
Oh, what are you still doing?
Let you go to the bank yesterday to get it.
Hurry up and take out the money for the red envelope.
This is silk, oops.
Read it
This is the red envelope I prepared for your mother to pack for you.
Say what you don't give me at any time
You are too kind to me.
Come on kids
Grandpa sent it to you and gave us a red envelope.
Good good little Dongzi
Thank you grandpa kid thank you grandpa
Yaoyao thank you grandpa
Ah, this is Qiuqiu. I'm coming to Zhou's house.
He helped me take care of Yaoyao
Call grandpa good grandpa
Thank you, grandpa, there is no red envelope.
Grandpa and me
Oh oh oh good good
Thank you, grandpa, you go eat candy, yes, eat candy